# Introduction
<p>Due to lack of coordination among various organisations trying to help refugees, be it in their country of origin or the country they flee to, resources are not utilised efficiently and there are loopholes which may be exploited by malicious individuals, further worsening the crisis.</p>
<p>OneWorld tries to plug these loopholes and centralise the efforts of the organisations, hence improving the efficiency of the rescue operations, resource remittance and diplomatic activities.</p>

# Features
- Unique identification of refugees is fundamental to this system. <b>A refugee is allotted an identity by the BOs using biometrics which is unique across all the associated BOs.</b> This ID is useful in tracking the allocation of relief resources, analysis of the data generated, to maximise the benefits, and hence avoiding unethical and malignant hoarding of resources.
- BOs can set up camps along the affected areas to facilitate medical aids and resources. To harmonise these rescue operations among the BOs, they are provided with a <b>live feed of the places with unrest across the globe in the form of conflict status maps.</b> The BOs can then coordinate to make a decision based on the availability of their resources. Thus, avoiding wastage of funds due to redundant operations.
- Resource utilisation and capacity of each camp set up by a BO are maintained and displayed pictorially using <b>heat maps.</b> If a camp is unable to shelter new refugees, it can delegate these refugees to some other camp with sufficient resources.
- During such a crisis, families tend to get separated. OneWorld tries to <b>reunite families by its exhaustive database and face recognition system,</b> i.e, if the members of a family are distributed between different camps, OneWorld reunites them by sending requests to BO authorities.
- Any organisation or individual can <b>contribute to the effort by making a monetary donation</b> by logging in as a 'Donor' on the same web application.
